fix: add the migration guide and nunjucks depreciation notes (#1253)
asyncapi/generator: apps/generator/docs/file-templates.md

> > **Note**: This section applies only to the Nunjucks render engine. For information on using the React render engine, refer to the [Generating files with the React render engine](#generating-files-with-the-react-render-engine) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: This section applies only to the Nunjucks render engine. For information on using the React render engine, please look at the [Generating files with the React render engine](#generating-files-with-the-react-render-engine) section below.
```

> > **Note**: Nunjucks renderer engine will be depreciated in the future release and we strongly recommend using the react renderer engine instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Nunjucks renderer engine will be deprecated in the future release and we strongly recommend using the React renderer engine instead.
```
